In this demonstration, we will show you how to install the rails and what to keep in mind
We place a base rail of type 110. The minimum lateral distance of 120 mm from an object or a wall as well as a distance of 200 mm from the working surface is strongly recommended.
The lateral distance is important because individual modules can protrude beyond the rails.
If modules with a swivel arm are used, this should be taken into account when placing the first rail in advance.
The base rail must be aligned with a spirit level,
to then screw them horizontally to the wall.
If the first rail is firmly screwed to the wall, another rail can be placed at a distance of, for example, 440 millimeters with the aid of the drillingplate of type 440.
For this purpose, the drillingplate is placed on the two rails, aligned with a spirit level and then the right rail is also screwed to the wall.
Other rails can also be mounted easily with the drillingplate and spirit level.
Rails at a distance of 990 mm from each other require the use of the drillingplate type 990.
Depending on the space conditions, the installation of further rails is carried out according to the same scheme.
As already mentioned, the minimum lateral distance of 120 mm must be observed. As can be seen from this example, this is not possible due to the space conditions.
If necessary, a type 1 rail can be used and the minimum distance can thus be maintained.
Once all the basic rails have been placed, the front rails can then be attached. The foundation is in place and your modular system from CHEFMODULE is ready for use!